# [3433. Count Mentions Per User](https://leetcode.cn/problems/count-mentions-per-user)

## Description

You are given an integer `numberOfUsers` representing the total number of users and an array `events` of size `n x 3`.

Each `events[i]` can be either of the following two types:

1. Message Event:

   ```
   ["MESSAGE", "timestampi", "mentions_stringi"]
   ```

   - This event indicates that a set of users was mentioned in a message at `timestampi`.

   - The 

     ```
     mentions_stringi
     ```

      string can contain one of the following tokens: 	

     - `id<number>`: where `<number>` is an integer in range `[0,numberOfUsers - 1]`. There can be **multiple** ids separated by a single whitespace and may contain duplicates. This can mention even the offline users.
     - `ALL`: mentions **all** users.
     - `HERE`: mentions all **online** users.

2. Offline Event:

   ```
   ["OFFLINE", "timestampi", "idi"]
   ```

   - This event indicates that the user `idi` had become offline at `timestampi` for **60 time units**. The user will automatically be online again at time `timestampi + 60`.

Return an array `mentions` where `mentions[i]` represents the number of mentions the user with id `i` has across all `MESSAGE` events.

All users are initially online, and if a user goes offline or comes back online, their status change is processed *before* handling any message event that occurs at the same timestamp.

**Note** that a user can be mentioned **multiple** times in a **single** message event, and each mention should be counted **separately**.

 

**Example 1:**

**Input:** numberOfUsers = 2, events = [["MESSAGE","10","id1 id0"],["OFFLINE","11","0"],["MESSAGE","71","HERE"]]

**Output:** [2,2]

**Explanation:**

Initially, all users are online.

At timestamp 10, `id1` and `id0` are mentioned. `mentions = [1,1]`

At timestamp 11, `id0` goes **offline.**

At timestamp 71, `id0` comes back **online** and `"HERE"` is mentioned. `mentions = [2,2]`

**Example 2:**

**Input:** numberOfUsers = 2, events = [["MESSAGE","10","id1 id0"],["OFFLINE","11","0"],["MESSAGE","12","ALL"]]

**Output:** [2,2]

**Explanation:**

Initially, all users are online.

At timestamp 10, `id1` and `id0` are mentioned. `mentions = [1,1]`

At timestamp 11, `id0` goes **offline.**

At timestamp 12, `"ALL"` is mentioned. This includes offline users, so both `id0` and `id1` are mentioned. `mentions = [2,2]`

**Example 3:**

**Input:** numberOfUsers = 2, events = [["OFFLINE","10","0"],["MESSAGE","12","HERE"]]

**Output:** [0,1]

**Explanation:**

Initially, all users are online.

At timestamp 10, `id0` goes **offline.**

At timestamp 12, `"HERE"` is mentioned. Because `id0` is still offline, they will not be mentioned. `mentions = [0,1]`

 

**Constraints:**

- `1 <= numberOfUsers <= 100`
- `1 <= events.length <= 100`
- `events[i].length == 3`
- `events[i][0]` will be one of `MESSAGE` or `OFFLINE`.
- `1 <= int(events[i][1]) <= 105`
- The number of `id<number>` mentions in any `"MESSAGE"` event is between `1` and `100`.
- `0 <= <number> <= numberOfUsers - 1`
- It is **guaranteed** that the user id referenced in the `OFFLINE` event is **online** at the time the event occurs.



## Solutions

首先对所有事件按照时间排序，对于时间相同的事件，应该将离线事件放在前面，因为按照题意，用户状态的改变会在所有相同时间发生的消息事件之前进行处理和同步。

排序后，我们按照时间顺序从前往后依次处理每个事件，我们可以用一个哈希表来记录每个用户的上线时间，并通过与当前时间比较来判断该用户是否在线



```java
class Solution {
    public int[] countMentions(int numberOfUsers, List<List<String>> events) {
        
    }
}
```

